What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	- When I initialize a repository, I create a hidden .git folder that sets
	up configuration details. I need to initialize in order to create this
	folder. If I didn't initialize, git wouldn't know what folder should be
	part of the repository I want to create.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	- The working directory contains actual local files. The repository 
	contains committed files. The staging area lets you toy around with adding
	local files to a package that will later be added to the repository. Without
	a staging area, we could only commit one file at a time, unless there was
	some other command that allowed for committing multiple files at once. In
	any case, the staging area is nice because it allows the user to add and
	remove files from being part of a commit before "committing" (no pun
	intended) to actually adding them.
	
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical 
change?

	- The staging area allows for adding multiple files before a commit, so if
	the logical change extends across multiple files, the change can be 
	committed all at once. Likewise, if the logical change involves only some 
	of the modified files, I can just add the relevant files to the staging area
	rather than committing all changes in the directory or something.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	- Some examples were given in the video: (1) experimental features that 
	might not work, (2) creating alternate versions of the game (e.g., easy
	mode) while still keeping the original version unchanged. Branches help 
	because (1) they don't mess up the master branch and therefore don't require
	you to revert unwanted changes from it and (2) they let you keep two 
	different versions of the files without switching back and forth between
	commit ids.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagrams make it easy to see parent relationships, which branches are
	present, and which commits are unreachable. Reachability is readily apparent
	based on tracing backwards from a given branch tip.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in 
the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches combines all the commits they contained, interleaved
	by time stamp. We draw them as merging to a single node because now there is
	one parent for both sets of commits.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Benefit of automatic is saving time by not needing to review non-conflicting
	changes. Benefit of doing merges manually might be that the person merging
	gets a better understanding of the changes s/he didn't make herself and 
	can anticipate conflicts without git's conflict messages, which can 
	sometimes include more text as conflicting than they should.
